Resize Parameters: 826 1680
Resize Attempt: 330 554400
--- Sat Jan  3 13:31:42 2015

Which character would you like to play as? Each character has a
different story and different available sub-routes, but the game
universe does not change.

Which character would you like to play as? Each character has a
different story and different available sub-routes, but the game
universe does not change.{fast}

Choice: Kazuki (Main male character)
Choice: Katherine (Main female character)

User chose: Kazuki (Main male character)

Episode 0: Understanding





This is my world. It is eerie, cold, and isolated.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to go.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to
go.{fast} And so cold... I can't feel myself shiver.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to
go.{fast} And so cold... I can't feel myself shiver.{fast} The
isolation. I myself don't belong here.

Despite this, there is neither the feeling of pain nor the sensation
of bliss. I merely exist, and wander through the fog. Fog so thick
that I could drink it...

Despite this, there is neither the feeling of pain nor the sensation
of bliss. I merely exist, and wander through the fog. Fog so thick
that I could drink it...{fast} Pain can only last for so long. The
hatred that I have felt would have killed a weaker man.

...I don't understand love. I have never experienced it, and I cannot
recognise it.

...I don't understand love. I have never experienced it, and I cannot
recognise it.{fast} Perhaps I had once known how to love, and love
well. But those that I was capable of loving have since left me.

Even so, I live. For what else am I to do but join the world in its
cycle? The tumultuous and chaotic cycle in which there is no true
chain of command.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.{fast} Towards where, as always, is a
matter of negligible significance. He who wanders is he who is
wayward.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.{fast} Towards where, as always, is a
matter of negligible significance. He who wanders is he who is
wayward.{fast} My final destination, whether it be nearby or
otherwise, is not known to me.

Is this depression? Or simply a failure to fit in?

Is this depression? Or simply a failure to fit in?{fast} This is my
world, but I know neither where I will go nor where I am.

I walk past an hazy image of my family. I could not see it, except for
in my mind.

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?{fast} Did my father
truly once know how to smile?

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?{fast} Did my father
truly once know how to smile?{fast} Was I truly an only child?

My questions echo through the space around me, but I did not speak.

...{w} ...{w} ...

I knew right away... I had known... that this wasn't a dream.{w}
That's not to say that it felt too real to be a dream. On the
contrary, it felt too unreal to be a dream.

Someone else's thoughts and feelings... perhaps someone that I had
once known... they were overpowering my own, to the point that I
couldn't think or feel for myself. And there was nothing. Nothing at
all. Nothing but a dull marching.

I am describing someone else's world. {w}This is not truly my world,
nor the world that we humans live in. {w}Someone else is controlling
this place...

Yes, a dull marching and a perfect darkness. I couldn't see, smell,
taste, nor touch - only hear.

I couldn't move, nor could I breathe. {w}I could do nothing but merely
exist.{w} Thinking itself... it could only be done in forced
fragments.

And then the dull marching stops. I should be stressed and unsure of
what is about to happen, but my body is relaxed.

The extraneous thoughts are cleared from my mind, but this only makes
me more impatient.

I knew who I was, but who am I now? And what is to become of me?

The marching changes to a single pair of footsteps, and as if this new
presence brought light with it, a dim light fills my eyes, and a
shallow gust flows through my lungs.

Resize Parameters: 826 1680
Resize Attempt: 330 672
--- Sat Jan  3 14:07:41 2015

Which character would you like to play as? Each character has a
different story and different available sub-routes, but the game
universe does not change.

Which character would you like to play as? Each character has a
different story and different available sub-routes, but the game
universe does not change.{fast}

Choice: Kazuki (Main male character)
Choice: Katherine (Main female character)

User chose: Kazuki (Main male character)

Episode 0: Understanding





This is my world. It is eerie, cold, and isolated.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to go.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to
go.{fast} And so cold... I can't feel myself shiver.

Eerie enough that the shadows themselves are unsure of where to
go.{fast} And so cold... I can't feel myself shiver.{fast} The
isolation. I myself don't belong here.

Despite this, there is neither the feeling of pain nor the sensation
of bliss. I merely exist, and wander through the fog. Fog so thick
that I could drink it...

Despite this, there is neither the feeling of pain nor the sensation
of bliss. I merely exist, and wander through the fog. Fog so thick
that I could drink it...{fast} Pain can only last for so long. The
hatred that I have felt would have killed a weaker man.

...I don't understand love. I have never experienced it, and I cannot
recognise it.

...I don't understand love. I have never experienced it, and I cannot
recognise it.{fast} Perhaps I had once known how to love, and love
well. But those that I was capable of loving have since left me.

Even so, I live. For what else am I to do but join the world in its
cycle? The tumultuous and chaotic cycle in which there is no true
chain of command.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.{fast} Towards where, as always, is a
matter of negligible significance. He who wanders is he who is
wayward.

Left, and right. Left, and right. Despite my qualms, these uncovered
feet of mine take me forwards.{fast} Towards where, as always, is a
matter of negligible significance. He who wanders is he who is
wayward.{fast} My final destination, whether it be nearby or
otherwise, is not known to me.

Is this depression? Or simply a failure to fit in?

Is this depression? Or simply a failure to fit in?{fast} This is my
world, but I know neither where I will go nor where I am.

I walk past an hazy image of my family. I could not see it, except for
in my mind.

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?{fast} Did my father
truly once know how to smile?

Is that how my mother appeared when she died?{fast} Did my father
truly once know how to smile?{fast} Was I truly an only child?

My questions echo through the space around me, but I did not speak.

...{w} ...{w} ...

I knew right away... I had known... that this wasn't a dream.{w}
That's not to say that it felt too real to be a dream. On the
contrary, it felt too unreal to be a dream.

Someone else's thoughts and feelings... perhaps someone that I had
once known... they were overpowering my own, to the point that I
couldn't think or feel for myself. And there was nothing. Nothing at
all. Nothing but a dull marching.

I am describing someone else's world. {w}This is not truly my world,
nor the world that we humans live in. {w}Someone else is controlling
this place...

Yes, a dull marching and a perfect darkness. I couldn't see, smell,
taste, nor touch - only hear.

I couldn't move, nor could I breathe. {w}I could do nothing but merely
exist.{w} Thinking itself... it could only be done in forced
fragments.

And then the dull marching stops. I should be stressed and unsure of
what is about to happen, but my body is relaxed.

The extraneous thoughts are cleared from my mind, but this only makes
me more impatient.

I knew who I was, but who am I now? And what is to become of me?

The marching changes to a single pair of footsteps, and as if this new
presence brought light with it, a dim light fills my eyes, and a
shallow gust flows through my lungs.

The marching changes to a single pair of footsteps, and as if this new
presence brought light with it, a dim light fills my eyes, and a
shallow gust flows through my lungs.{fast} And in front of me was a
shadow, standing upright...

{color=#808080}Shadow:{/color}
{color=#808080}Stand.{/color}

My body stood up, ignoring my brain's demands to ask questions.

{color=#808080}Shadow:{/color}
{color=#808080}See.{/color}

And then I realized then that I could in fact see. I was simply unable
to process what I was seeing.

My body once more obeyed the shadowy voice. It belonged to an equally-
shadowy body. I looked into its eyes, and I saw a void. And the void
stared back.

{color=#808080}Shadow:{/color}
{color=#808080}Feel pain. Remember me.{/color}

